[MST] Move billing to its own new page (#1489)
timescale/docs: mst/billing.md

---
title: Billing on Managed Service for TimescaleDB
excerpt: Billing and account management in Managed Service for TimescaleDB
product: mst
keywords: [billing, invoicing, accounts]
---

# Billing

By default, all new Managed Service for TimescaleDB services require a credit
card, which is charged at the end of the month for all charges accrued over that
month. Each project is charged separately. Your credit card statement records
the transaction as coming from Aiven, as Aiven provides billing services for
Managed Service for TimescaleDB.

Managed Service for TimescaleDB uses hourly billing. This charge is

> automatically calculated, based on the services you have been running in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically calculated, based on the services you are running in your
```

project. The price charged for your project includes:

*   Virtual machine
*   Networking
*   Backups
*   Setting up

<highlight type="note">
Managed Service for TimescaleDB does not charge you for network traffic used by
your service. However, your application cloud service provider might charge you
for the network traffic going to or from your service.
</highlight>

Terminating or powering a service down stops the accumulation of new charges
immediately. However, the minimum hourly charge unit is one hour. For example,
if you launch a Managed Service for TimescaleDB service and shut it down after
40 minutes, you are charged for one full hour.

> Migrating to different service plan levels does not incur extra charges. Note,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrating to different service plan levels does not incur extra charges for the migration itself. Note,
```

Maybe this will be clearer? I found this confusing at first because I read the first sentence, did a double take, then read the second and realized "oh, that's what that means"

> Migrating to different service plan levels does not incur extra charges for the migration itself. Note,
> though, that some service plan levels are more costly per hour, and your new
> service is charged at the new rate.

Author: ```suggestion
Migrating to different service plan levels does not incur extra charges for the 
migration itself. Note, though, that some service plan levels are more costly 
per hour, and your new service is charged at the new rate.
```
